    "You're back, my dear?"
    I hear the door opened, and there's only one dragon who has the key except myself.
    "Finally home... I missed you sooooo much my little white."
    He finds me in the kitchen, lies his head onto my shoulder. Warm heavy breaths keep brushing my cheek along with his sweaty smell. I almost forget how's that fluffy body feels like, but now I would keep it memorized.
    "I missed you too Alrt. But I think you better come off me now so I could continue preparing your dinner. And take a shower please. I love your smell but I know you are dusty all over."
    "Sure, but just a little longer..."
    "Fine..."
    He holds me tighter, sniffing, rubbing my belly and chest. I have to admit he kinda arouses me, though he couldn't tell since I'm wearing a chastity belt. He then sets me free cleaning himself. I have our meal prepared and serverd to the table right after he comes out of the shower with all his furs and feathers shining through the water drops. Yeah, that body of him. All covered under the sea-blue furs. Only the belly and wings snow-white. Of course and those crystalline spikes on his head and his back, as fascinating as emeralds. For weeks and months I've been dreaming of him, of his body...
    "...Fred, Fred!"
    "...Yes?"
    He snaps his fingers in front of my eyes, draging me back to reality.
    "What were you thinking?"
    "Nothing."
    I quickly pick up the chopsticks. My face would be red and hot like burning iron if there's no scales covering.
    "Really?"
    He looks into my eyes, saying in a quite playful tune.
    "Well, no. I was thinking about you actually."
    A smirk immediately shows on his face. Then he leans his body forward with a gentle kiss falls onto my nose.
    I have no idea how the meal was finished. My heart was pumping fiercely and my whole body was like burning in fire. Anyway, after helping me cleaning the dishes, he just lets himself fully realxed in our bed. Well, I know he's quite exhausted after a long journey, but I think he wouldn't refuse accepting some service of mine.
    "What are you doing down there?"
    That's what he says when I start rubbing one of his hind paw with my snout, while rubbing the other one with my forepaws. I can tell he's enjoying my accompany as his tail is slowly wagging and then gently grabs my neck. My tongue then is put to work. Since he has carefully cleaned himself, there's no much taste among those short soft furs beneath his paws. Still a little bit salty actually, guess he sweats a bit. For the other paw, I'm scratching the sole with the tips of my claws. Light giggles are coming out of his mouth, and his body's also quivering from my tickle.
    "Ha... Alright then. Now you have to finish what you just started."
    He grabs my neck up between the legs with his tail. That juicy pink meat of him is throbbing along with his pulse. Naturally, I hold it with my palm, massaging the tip with the help of his pre, leaning my cheek against the base. I'm obssesed with his scent and I can't help but moaning quitely. My own desire rises, desperately draging that metal belt locked on my crotch.
    Oh how I hate myself at the moment. I LOVE him, really love him, all of him. I love him when he focuses himself into his work. I love him when we hanging out together enjoy marvelous sceneries and delicious food. I love him when... When I could touch his flesh. It feels almost sinful the moment I realize that a part of my love toward him is based on the thirst of my instinct. It feels so wrong when I pent up merely from sniffing and touching him and it's our first meeting eachother after months of seperation. Should I be so shallow following my instinct? But... if even my body is craving for him without thinking, wouldn't that means that I'm destined to love him? It's not sinful or wrong. Instead, it's the proof of my love towrads him. But, but... that sounds like my lower body is contolling my upper part...
    "Fred!"
    "Yes?"
    His hindpaws steps on my back.
    "Daydreaming again, huh?"
    "Kind of..."
    I lie my head down. Massaging, staring.
    "Thinking of me?"
    "Yeah... I'm thinking... Would it be better to let you have a good rest first? You are indeed tired."
    He sits himself up a little. Fingers brush though my face.
    "So you aroused me and then decide to leave me like this?"
    "No, I just..."
    "Fred, I'm hungry for you as much as you do for me. Last time I got myself released was weeks ago, and it was nothing compare to your company. For you it's even way much longer. So why don't we just follow our hearts and give ourselves a night?"
    I couldn't agree more. No more hesitation, my tongue wrap around his cock then pull it into my mouth. Just like a seagull swallowing a fish. I have to admit that I'm kind of losing myself. Pretending my tongue and throat are all just a toy for him. I'm even hoping to be choked even though asphyxiation isn't anything that would turn me on. It just feels so dreamy being used by him. Then I really get choked.
    "Woah... Easy there... We still have the whole night..."
    He's panting, raises my head with his paw, shiny silver lines hanging between my mouth and his throbbing meat. Only after few seconds I put myself back to work. As I start shoving my head up and down, he as well moves his waist following my rhythm. Harder and harder as he penetrates deep into my throat, my jaw is aching and it is more difficult finding the right time to breathe. Finally at the moment I almost pass out, he grabs my horns and pulls me closely between his legs. Then streams of warm sticky liquid pumps right through my throat. I got choked again so I fail to swallow almost half of his seed. Some of it even comes out from my nose with my coughing.
    "Your mouth is even better than I remembered..."
    He's body softens, all of his body. I lie my head under his belly, with my face and my mouth all covered white, though I am white myself. It feels like I received an orgasm myself, only my own cock is still rock hard behind the cage.
    "Find me some tissues... Hey, what's this?"
    He finds a piece of paper in the drawer next to the bed. And that's...
    "Wow, you're still keeping this letter?"
    That's the letter he sent me one and a half month ago.
    "Yeah... I... I loves it that you said I was a good boy and... you said you trust me... I almost... cum... when I read this the first place..."
    "You WHAT?"
    Embarrasing, Fred Whitedragon, EMBARRASING. Why would dare saying that? Are you such a pervert, so eager to be humiliated?
    "Yes, yes, I know that sounds weird. But I did read it before bed from time to time before you came back..."
    "You really should look at your own face and see how cute you are right now."
    He finds the tissues and simply cleans himself, then my face.
    "And yes you have proved you are a good boy."
    A GOOD BOY. FRED! Why are you keep acting like a slut!
    "Since the key could reach you now. I wouldn't mind giving you a reward."
    "A reward?"
    Don't know when he brings out all the bondage gears we have. Cuffs, gag, and many other toys.
    "Maybe tomorrow? You just cum and you need a good rest after all these."
    "Nope."
    He gags me, and grabs my arms together with a cuff in his paw.
    "My cute little white also need a goooood release after such a good blowjob."
    With a click, my arms are bonded in place. Later my legs are spread and locked as well.
    Oh dear, what have I just brought myself into...